# En.Comp.Grp.-group-project-
Reuse, reduse and recycle – 3r’s rule. Today our World needs really help from humanity. Earth is fulled by plastic and that really makes a catastrophic harm to the nature. People are trying to make everything to save our world for our future generation and to let them see a full beauty of the World. Our amazing team consisting of four people also was looking for the thing, that can help to the nature. In our group there are three girls and one boy. You do not even realize how hard for him was to listen to all ideas they suggested him. Four heads – thousands of ideas, but finally, yes, finally we decided to make a beautiful 3D printed vase for plastic bottle. You might ask. What the hell is going on and why the students of Ala-Too international university are making a simple vase, which you can buy in any bazar for 100 soms. But please do not make premature deductions. This is not just a simple vase this is veery unique vase. I think it will be better if people call that as an art work. For the first this vase is printed on the printer. Every wisher who has 3d printer at home can print it. For the second it is a decoration and can come up with most home interiors. And thirdly, it protects waste of plastic bottles. It puts on the used plastic bottle by that people will not throw bottles but use them again as a water container for the flowers. Just imagine reduces waste of plastic, decorates room and gives a good smell, because beautiful and natural flowers in there. We honestly believe, that every owner of this beautiful vase will be in love with it. At last we want to say that we put our souls and worked hard. The Idea of creating such a thing seemed pretty easy, but making it become in the in the world was very difficult. Everyone was worried about the project and made the best we could do. We tried to follow all requirements. Therefore, we hope you would love our project. Thanks very much for your attention and getting till the end of that story! Hope you have good mood:)
